1st writing

I have understood that what I perceive as reality is just an illusion, a model created by my brain from sensory input to help me navigate and maybe…survive. That's why I would love to swap brains with someone for a day and see how is that their brain has interpreted this cosmos. 

Sometimes I try to get out of my head with drugs or meditation. But I just feel empty. Sometimes the emptiness is relaxing. Sometimes it just causes more numbness.

Am I just mentally ill? Maybe.

Life is a weird thing, I feel like a husk. I look in the mirror and no longer recognize myself, I feel a black emptiness inside and have lost all interest in life. I feel like I have a hole in my chest. I fill it…sometimes. Not often though.

Kill the ego. Escape the mind. Maybe I need some ego to motivate me to keep creating things. But maybe ego is the problem, and I need confidence without ego. I struggle with that. If nothing matters, what do I do? If all we have is the present moment, what should we do with it? 

As Nick Land said, may coldness be my good.

 

2nd writing

I used to like people. now i see the worst in them. the whole world feels like a power game. some animal kingdom shit. i guess were just animals at the end of the day. i still try to be decent, but sometimes it feels like people used up all my good energy and i only have this evil shit left. 
 
i cant live myself if i go too dark. so i try to stay positive. but i isolate often now. i dont let people get close. i test people often, and observe. cant trust most people. completely different mindset than what I'm used to.

people will disrespect you to your face, then still feel entitled to your money/energy/time. I get why rich people are isolated. I used to want fame, but after realizing how crazy people are.. money is the way to go. fame isn't worth the easy money/power. I like my privacy too much. 

operate in the shadows. 

Resignation
Say you have eleven horses and one trampoline. Okay, maybe not horses. Goats. And two trampolines. Scratch that, kiddie pools, but seven of them, and twenty one goats. That is only hypothetical. I am just constructing a scenario for non-functional purposes. This is not a set up.

Now you have twenty one goats and seven kiddie pools, and obviously you might think you put three goats in each pool, but life isn’t that easy. The goats all have their eye on one single kiddie pool. Something about how a cartoon seahorse misprint on the rim looks like he is daring you. Taunting you to enter this particular amusement liquid container. Well, not you, the goats. And it is working.

Now say you have twenty one goats trying to fit into a kiddie pool that can hold maybe seven goats, maximum. Obviously you have a problem, and that is what I want to explore. That is what this thought experiment is all about. Dealing with problems. Like, how do you even do it?

Have you ever tasted goat? Does that question imply a solution? 

Can we fix this by feasting on fourteen goats? Maybe, but dinner is never the answer, except when it is. Let’s not go this route.

You have seven goats in the kiddie pool and the remaining fourteen are getting pretty irked. They cannot tell you this, because goats and all that. But you can tell. You can tell. This is not a stable situation. Unsustainable. Goats with pool envy are going to become an issue, even if they are just stewing at the moment.
So why not horses? I guess I don’t really have an answer for that. But as soon as that word was let loose in the world, I knew it was wrong. Same with the trampolines, but for different reasons. But for full intestine purposes, it would have worked. We could have done this with horses and trampolines. I find it best not to look back too much. No regrets, right?

So you have fourteen irrational goats, wanting to be in the one kiddie pool that they cannot all possibly be in, while ignoring six perfectly good kiddie pools they could. It doesn’t have to make sense. It is never going to. It doesn’t matter, you still have a problem, and thus require a solution.But then here is where your little light goes off. Eureka!

It is not your duty to fix this. Not every problem requires a solution. Sometimes you just have to let the goats do whatever the goats are gonna do. Let things take their natural course. Sit back, relax, and enjoy the shitshow. This is not your first goat rodeo and it will not be your last. Control is futile. Entertainment is always an option.

This is the lesson. Learning to accept, rather than initiate or alter. Just taking the whole of existence in without trying to reshape it or mold it in your image. Could we have gotten to that lesson with horses and trampolines? Easily. Did we? No, obviously not. Who cares.

Now say you have thirteen thousand horses, two hundred and forty seven trampolines, seventy two hundred and one kiddie pools and the fourteen goats excluded from the previous pool scenario. You know what the answer is going to be this time?

Shut the fugk up and don’t worry about it.

As I mentioned in the meeting this morning, I am probably not the strongest candidate for making this presentation. Because it all seems so obvious to me. If you really want to dazzle people with answers, the person giving them needs to give off a sense of mystery and uncertainty. I am not that guy. I can see the finish line before I ever make it to the field. My strength, which is a boon to this company, if I do say so myself, is my casual attitude towards hypothetical scenarios. If I took them more seriously, I would be just another cog in this unwholesome machine. So get someone else to do it.

In fact I quit. This is my resignation. You can take this job and shovel it, like so much goat shit in a kiddie pool that exists only to illustrate problems that do not exist. Good luck with that.




Graduation
Congratulations on your graduation this morning. It was plenty fresh. You must think this to be a major milestone, but really it is not. This is something they will not teach you in those ivory towers. There are no milestones. Life is one long endless march to the grave. You’re not going to win anything at the end. There is no getting it right. You are not building anything here. Life is constructed to crumble. Now get a fugkn job, ya goofstick.
Love,
Uncle Princess

Birth
Whenever people talk about giving birth on tv they always say something about being dilated. I am not sure what that means. But whenever they say it, and people in the room watching tv look at me, I always make sure to look like I know what is being talked about. I give a strong air of understanding. It is just something that comes natural to me. But I do not know what it means to be dilated, and if I am honest, I am not sure I would like to.

There are lots of things that I don’t want to know anything about and birth is like half of them. What a disgusting habit, just making new people and putting them everywhere, so much that one cannot even enjoy a nice little stroll without running into all these sons of bitches that keep getting birthed everywhere.

Hypocrisy, you might say, since I myself was birthed. Well that is just another one of those things I don’t wanna know anything about. Besides, maybe I wasn’t. Maybe I arrived by train, or was banished to here from some magical place where nobody ever dilates unless its for charity. I was too young to recall the circumstances of my arrival so lets not just assume that I was born. Assumptions are a messy business. Like birth, I guess.

Oh crap, now I think I might be dilating.


3th writing 

Sisyphus was a man who was sentenced to push a rock up a hill, only to watch it roll back down again. He was condemned to repeat this eternal task, never reaching the top. But for Sisyphus, it was worth it to be condemned to exist. For him, life was about experiencing the absurd, about living in the moment and accepting that everything is meaningless. The mind is a powerful tool, but it can also be a trap. It can be a way to escape the reality of our situation, or it can be a way to kill the ego. The reality of our situation is that we're all going to die. But, if we can escape the mind, we can see the reality of death and be at peace.

Unitat 4

pronominalització

que es un pronom? substitueix un nom.


ex. aquest és blau. substitueix nom x

pronoms forts i pronoms febles.

forts: jo tu ell nosaltres vosaltres ells

avanç de verb proclitics. ex: nosaltres portem
després de verb anclitics. ex: porta’ns


pronoms definits i indefinits

si porten article definit
si no porten article indefinits

els numerals =/= apostrofar se

apòstrofs == el més a la dreta possible ajuda’ls no ajud’als

pronoms femenins davant d'un verb que comença per vocal  no s'apostrofa


pronominalització de l’atribut

un atribut és un complement vocal quan porta un verb copulatiu(ser estar semblar)

si l’atribut es definit faré servir el mateix article per a pronomalizar.ex: eren les claus →les eren

si l'atribut es indefinit utilitzar el pronom HO
eren les claus → ho eren

pronominalització d’un CD

substitueix per un pronom els complement directe

comprava el llibre→ el comprava

aprofitem el temps → l'aprofitem



